From Andrew.Sibley@systemsandsoftware.net Mon Mar 23 12:23:19 2015
Date: Mon, 23 Mar 2015 12:23:07
From: Andrew Sibley <Andrew.Sibley@systemsandsoftware.net>
To: Peter Chapin <PChapin@vtc.vsc.edu>, Christopher Beattie <CBeattie@vtc.vsc.edu>
Subject: RE: VTank

Hey Peter,

When last we talked about VTank, I expressed some interest in upgrading it to the latest XNA,
the latest version of Ice, and a few other things. This turned into somewhat of a nightmare due
to a lot of features in older versions of XNA that were removed in 4.0, requiring a rewrite of
some of our graphics code. I didn't ultimately finish what I started.

If we stick to whatever version of XNA and Ice is documented in our LaTeX documentation, I think
it will be pretty simple to get the VTank client up and running. This will require running
Visual Studio 2008 or 2010, since XNA can't be used in future versions of Visual Studio without
manual configuration.

The master server (Echelon) requires an installation of Stackless Python 2.7 or close to that.
It communicates with a MySQL database to store information. The hardest part about getting it to
run is installing Ice for Python. I've never been successful in getting Ice to work nicely (or
at all) with Python on a 64-bit Windows computer, and my success varies for Unix environments.

The game server (Theater) uses C++ and requires Ice and boost libraries. I think the version we
use is documented in the LaTeX documentation. I don't think Theater will compile on non-Windows
systems right now.

Most of the other tools are simple to build and use without much effort. The one exception is
the map editor, which uses wxWidgets, but our documentation for that does a good job explaining
how to build it on Windows. Once Echelon and the database is set up, we have scripts under the
trunk/Scripts/ directory that can be run to create administrative accounts or generate the
database schema and set up basic information.

I believe you're right that the latest version of the code is on that GitHub page -- I don't
remember when we switched from SVN (internal) to Hg (SourceForge) to Git (GitHub), but I think
that's the correct order of events.

I'll contribute to getting VTank up and running in any way I can, so let me know if you decide
to try setting it up eventually.

Thanks,

- Andy

-----Original Message-----
From: Peter Chapin [mailto:PChapin@vtc.vsc.edu] 
Sent: Saturday, March 21, 2015 2:35 PM
To: Andrew Sibley; Christopher Beattie
Subject: VTank

At a recent CIS department meeting the topic of game design came up. Apparently some prospective
students were asking about it because they have stars in their eyes about become game
developers.

In the ensuing conversation I mentioned that VTank exists but was never really promoted or
showcased that much. I said that it was likely the system could be rebuilt and reinstalled with
a link on the web page, etc. The CIS department was interested in this idea.

I'm not sure what is involved in maintaining a VTank system or even if the current source code
will build with the latest versions of things. Andy I believe you said something about doing
some work on VTank not too long ago. What are your thoughts?

My understanding is that the code on GitHub is the most current.

     https://github.com/summer-of-software/vtank

Although I don't have much time at the moment, I could see myself trying to build the system
this summer and maybe setting it up again.

Thoughts?

Peter
